right well here goes one
and guess what it's not finished
oh my god next thing you're gonna mature
it up a little bit
feels lighter already
learn one naturally excited already
lightning honey
I used to freehand painting technique I
felt really good about my performance
today
I don't normally specialize in color at
all so for me to to put everything
together and get a finished look and be
happy with it it was really good for me
I really push myself when I saw Brandi
walking down the runway I was like she
was miserable I mean she looks totally
miserable it was such a roller coaster
of emotions it was like oh my god I'm
gonna fail she like oh my god I blew her
out it looks awesome
her hair was really pretty black but she
wanted to change so I really went for it
literally in the last 23 minutes I
decided to throw the red on it because
Jessica Simpson wore that red wig to an
event and it puts shockwaves into the
industry and definitely glad I picked
her
she could have had a white scalp with a
yellow middle with bright red orange
brown ends and I managed to turn the
whole thing into a copper red so baby I
saved the day okay
took me headlong here here was dry and
flat I just did much cutter
later flip it all the way around give it
little volume on the top you know she
wasn't a super model but she got
finished she was cute